release notes 1.16.2 (#2507)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

This document provides a summary of all changes made to the [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.16.2

Release date: June 30, 2023

### Bug fixes 

> - Fixed an issue where the `isHighAvailability` and `CICDEnforcement` fields in the deployment file were not working properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the `isHighAvailability` and `CICDEnforcement` fields in Deployment files were not parsed correctly.
```
